---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/updates/"}
---

Howdy, This is where session summaries will be!
Session notes will be from the most recent down (3rd session at the top, then the 2nd, the the first. you get it.)

Session 3.5: The Vancening.
JD Vance, the group and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] fly out from the portal, fighting in the rubble of the [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Realms/The Everplains/Cities and Towns/Brambleford/Brambleford\|Brambleford]] city hall. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] Rev's her engines and launches JD Vance into the city fountain. Then she turns around and ***Fucking*** Vaporizes him, launching herself off into the distance, going through [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Realms/The Everplains/Cities and Towns/Brambleford/Brambleford\|Brambleford]] Guard HQ.

SESSION 3: The *Isekai* Episode.
The session started off with our heroes waking up in various places around Saint Joseph, Missouri. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] Woke up in the waffle house, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] woke up in a cat cage in Petco, And [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] woke up in the north belt Walmart's garden center, being nudged by a employee with a broom. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] went outside the waffle house and looked around, eventually flying up and crashing through a Menard's skylight. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] broke free from the cage & some employees and went to Dick's Sporting goods to buy a knife. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] was asked to leave the Walmart, which then he proceeded to tell a dad joke so bad that it caused a Walmart AP to bleed from every orifice on his face. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] talked to Greg the employee, and eventually Dave from automotive to learn about cars. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] went across the belt highway to see the increasing amount of police gathering around Walmart. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] gets arrested. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]], after finishing his conversation with Dave from automotive decides to go north where the commotion is, going in a SUV with a family of 4 in it. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]], manages to escape from the police, running outside. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] arrives flying through the skylight or the family's SUV, to see [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]], [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]], and 45 police officers. (I'm going to be honest i forgot how combat began but...) [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] dropped a large metal sheet on top of the officers, however 3 managed to break free. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] ran, tripping [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] along the way. The police shoot a large hole through [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]], causing him to flee as well. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] lands a sick fucking move and slices an officer in half, stealing his guns, then flying up into the air. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] entered the nearby gas station, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] shot [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] with a healing bullet, healing the wound. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] bought a big sack of candy. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] killed the other two officers. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] robbed the remaining police and found a pimp outfit. The group goes to Washington DC. the enter the city, islands floating, roots taking over. Except for the White House. the group enters the White House from the rose garden, Donny T greets them and tells them that JD Vance is in the bunker waiting for them. The group goes into the bunker to find JD Vance, he gives his monologue and combat starts. Secret Service shoot [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] who hides in a pile of cotton. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] pile drive JD Vance through the return portal, pulling themselves in as well.

SESSION 2:*The Brief Intermiss-* God dammit.
To Begin, the group returned to [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Realms/The Everplains/Cities and Towns/Brambleford/Brambleford\|Brambleford]], where [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] showed up in an orb, naked (I will not be going into details, also [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] gets some. ;)) and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] throws her orb, causing it to explode 7 destroying a building. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] Destroys a candy shop as well, Whilst that is happening[[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] makes a deal with the mayor- [[Graveyard of the Stars/NPCS/Todd Whitefield\|Todd Whitefield]]- to get materials. Todd also slips that there is a civil war going down south, near [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Realms/The Everplains/Cities and Towns/Thistledown/Thistledown\|Thistledown]]. afterwards, the gang & [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]](after paralyzing the elf baddie from the waist down) head south to help with a farming demon that is blighting some cutesy farmers. The demon makes an elderly an explode. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] blows up the demon a few times into ***Demon Chunks*** *TM*. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] Banishes the demon, Cotton Eyed Joseph. Afterwards they head back into town and interrogate some *suspicious* robed figures, who run **CHARITY NAME** - WIP. The gang goes to sleep and wakes up the next day to a piecing scream, they go investigate and find that the scholar that they met at the crash site has been murdered. they investigate the crime scene. A bomb Explodes in city hall, taking the top floor off of the building. They go investigate and see that the shard piece that the mayor had gotten has been stolen, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] See a fellow running from the crime scene, but cant catch him before he escapes. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] and the gang investigate the basement where they see that the shard has been stolen and they find a deck of cards that when drawn from gives: [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] a wish and a one time question to the dm (which was used immediately), [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Gam Gam\|Gam Gam]] a castle infested with monsters and a magic item. and [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] Isekais the group (God dammit).

SESSION 1: Shardfall (yes i will be giving all of the sessions titles.)
To start off the session we went to the town of [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Realms/The Everplains/Cities and Towns/Brambleford/Brambleford\|Brambleford]], Where the local [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Major Stores and Taverns/Bull-E-Wugs\|Bull-E-Wugs]] is hosting the yearly Child-Fighting Championships, with everyone attending, even the mayor. The semi finals consisted of Trystan Tycho VS Ralf Leigh, & Dalton Warley vs Blase Goldman. Trystan may be a wee bit retarded. and he "knocks out" Ralf winning the match. then Dalton Vs Blase, with Blase sweeping the floor with Dalton. during the Intermission [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] & [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] has "Just water" from the bar, which makes them incredibly drunk. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] Has been hired to kill the mayor, by the mayor's wife. When the second match starts, its evident that the mayor's guard has stopped paying attention to him, thusly [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] starts making his way to him, noticing this [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] tells a guard who notices [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]]. also [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]], [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]], & [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] place bets on blase winning the championship . Blase Ultimately wins, however as he is throwing his final punch, something screeches across the sky, making the strip club portion of the [[Graveyard of the Stars/The World/Veltharoth/Major Stores and Taverns/Bull-E-Wugs\|Bull-E-Wugs]] Collapse. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]]'s Magic field also gets suppressed & Flares up afterwards. In the panic Blase flees & the mayor Sends the three out to go investigate what crashed out in the forest. It takes the group 20 minutes to get out there. when they arrive, a scholar is there studying the impact of a part of the shard fragment. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] has a somewhat *sexual* interaction with him. The party is attacked by some religious zealots & some mutated creatures. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] throws an object & cracks the shard. Combat shenanigans, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] touches the shard & effects start to happen, one zealot's mind gets swapped with a squirrels, A boat appears, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] gains a large amount of knowledge about computer chips, something with [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]],idk man, then the zealots and the mutants vanish. [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Billie\|Billie]] runs, the scholar runs, [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/Rulo\|Rulo]] starts grabbing shards of the shard & [[Graveyard of the Stars/Players/UNKNOWN\|UNKNOWN]] attacks it again, gaining a more powerful antimagic field.  the rock explodes.